Feat/signature encoding options (#23)
autotelic/fastify-hmac: README.md

}
```

### Run the example:

```
npm run example:hook -- -l info -w
```

> ## Route Level Hook Example

Reviewer: yeah agree - to some extent we're just documenting how to use fastify hooks, which of course is documented in the fastify docs

npm run example:decorator -- -l info -w
```

# Default Methods

> ## Default extractSignature Method

Reviewer 2: [nit] I think we can infer these are all defaults from the Default Methods header. We can probably remove the "Default" prefix from the subHeaders. (here and elsewhere)

Author: Good point. I added the Default Methods header after the fact. Fixed.

> The `extractSignature` method returns the HMAC signature string found in a request Signature header constructed according to [IETF draft standards][1]. This signature is compared to the calculated HMAC signature from `constructSignatureString` to validate message authenticity. This method is called with one parameter, the fastify `request` object.

Reviewer 2: It might be more helpful to show an example request and how the methods interact with it. (at least the bits we need (signature header etc).

We should probably actually call this method with request + options, like we do with the others. Provides more flexibility for other users.

[nit] we shouldn't need to document the use of internal methods.

[nit] Can we break this up into separate lines haha 😄 , max chars should be ~100 I think.

Author: Changes made. Let me know if this is better.

Digest: sha-512=+PtokCNHosgo04ww4cNhd4yJxhMjLzWjDAKtKwQZDT4Ef9v/PrS/+BQLX4IX5dZkUMK/tQo7Uyc68RkhNyCZVg==
Content-Type: application/json

{"hello": "world"}
```

The documentation assumes the fastify-hmac plugin has been registered with the following options.

```js
  fastify.register(require('fastify-hmac'), {
    sharedSecret: 'topSecret',
    algorithmMap: {
      hs2019: {
        'test-key-a': 'sha512'
      }
    }
  })
```

## extractSignature Method

The `extractSignature` method returns the HMAC signature string found in a request Signature header constructed according to [IETF draft standards][1].

This method is called with two parameters, the fastify `request` object and the plugin `options` object.

This signature is compared to the calculated HMAC signature from `constructSignatureString` to validate message authenticity.

Given the [Example Request](#example-request) this method will:
1. Parse the `request` Signature header string
2.  Return the signature property value: `"pQul5YFrqv76Zq2bE1kWjJfFGnTu0MwU7X7c8MWDswAI5V7dROqKbBWKUGcoysxujgTqkJo/Eg74x34o54hqRg=="`.

> ## constructSignatureString Method
> 
> The `constructSignatureString` method returns a calculated HMAC signature string. 
> 
> This method is called with two parameters, the fastify `request` object and the plugin `options` object.
> 
> This signature is compared to the HMAC signature string found in the request Signature header to validate message authenticity. 
> 
> 
> Given the [Example Request](#example-request) this method will:
> 1. Call [`getAlgorithm`](#getAlgorithm-Method) from the plugin `options` object and use its return value along with the `sharedSecret` property from the plugin `options` object to create a new HMAC object
> 2. Update the HMAC object with the signature content string obtained from `getMessage`
>    1. The `getMessage` function returns a formatted string according to [IETF draft standards][1] containing the Signature content listed under `headers` in the `request` Signature header.
> 3. Encode the signature with the digest encoding string returned from [`getSignatureEncoding`](#getSignatureEncoding-Method) in the plugin `options` object.
> 4. Return the calculated signature string of: `"pQul5YFrqv76Zq2bE1kWjJfFGnTu0MwU7X7c8MWDswAI5V7dROqKbBWKUGcoysxujgTqkJo/Eg74x34o54hqRg=="`

Reviewer 2: I've done some more thinking on this. I don't really think we want to describe the internals step by step as much. If someone wants to see how the default methods work, they can go check out the code. I think this would be a little easier to follow if it was something like:

```suggestion
## constructSignatureString

`constructSignatureString(request, options)`

Constructs and returns the signature string that will be compared to the HMAC signature string found in the request.

Given the example request, the default will return the calculated signature string of:

`"pQul5YFrqv76Zq2bE1kWjJfFGnTu0MwU7X7c8MWDswAI5V7dROqKbBWKUGcoysxujgTqkJo/Eg74x34o54hqRg=="`
```

We can also link directly to the file where the implementation is as well. This is less descriptive for sure, but I think it would point people in the correct direction. Happy to hear other takes on this as well 👍

Reviewer 2: I would say this is optional though. I dont really know if that is a better solution or not. Writing docs is hard 😖 

We can gradually build these out if we need to.

Reviewer: I agree with James here on all counts (docs are hard!). I think we don't need to walk through how the methods work but rather just show how to use them with a code example of them being called.

## getAlgorithm Method

The `getAlgorithm` method returns a HMAC algorithm string to be used when generating a HMAC signature.

This method is called with two parameters, the fastify `request` object and the plugin `options` object.

Given the [Example Request](#example-request) this method will:
1. Parse the `keyId` and `algorithm` Signature header properties from the `request`
2. Use the `algorithm` and `keyId` values to look up an algorithm string in `algorithmMap` from the plugin `options`
3. Return the algorithm string of `"sha512"`

For the default `getAlgorithm`, an `algorithmMap` object matching the following format is expected:

```js
{
// const algorithmMap = {
//   [algorithm]: {
//     [keyId]: [algorithmString]
//   } 
// }

const algorithmMap = {
  hs2019: {
    'test-key-a': 'sha512',
    'test-key-b': 'sha256'
  } 
}
```

## getSignatureEncoding Method

The `getSignatureEncoding` method returns a digest encoding string to be used when generating a HMAC signature.

This method is called with two parameters, the fastify `request` object and the plugin `options` object.

The default method simply returns `"base64"`. 

# Replacing Default Methods

> ## Example: Shopify HMAC Query Parameter Verification

Reviewer 2: Should this be in the examples director in a readme? We could just link to there for additional examples. I'd like to keep the main readme lean if possible. Thoughts?

Reviewer: I don't mind having the Shopify example top-level but I would pare it down a little & link out to the Shopify docs about how it's constructed
